SCREEN 1
TEXT INPUT 1
ADDED TEXTINPUT. CURRENT COUNT OF TEXTINPUTS IS 0
TEXT INPUT 2
ADDED TEXTINPUT. CURRENT COUNT OF TEXTINPUTS IS 1
TEXT INPUT 3
ADDED TEXTINPUT. CURRENT COUNT OF TEXTINPUTS IS 2
INIT
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {159 42}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {0 2}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {0 2}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: z
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value z, focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: ctrl+q
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus true
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
SCREEN 1
TEXT INPUT 1
ADDED TEXTINPUT. CURRENT COUNT OF TEXTINPUTS IS 0
TEXT INPUT 2
ADDED TEXTINPUT. CURRENT COUNT OF TEXTINPUTS IS 1
TEXT INPUT 3
ADDED TEXTINPUT. CURRENT COUNT OF TEXTINPUTS IS 2
INIT
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {159 42}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: d
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: d
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: s
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: a
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: d
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: as
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: d
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: a
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: s
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: d
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: down
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: up
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: d
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: s
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: a
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: d
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: down
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: down
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: enter
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: enter
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: backspace
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: backspace
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: left
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: left
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: left
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: right
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: left
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: right
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: left
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: up
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: ctrl+q
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value , focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
SCREEN 1
TEXT INPUT 1
ADDED TEXTINPUT. CURRENT COUNT OF TEXTINPUTS IS 0
TEXT INPUT 2
ADDED TEXTINPUT. CURRENT COUNT OF TEXTINPUTS IS 1
TEXT INPUT 3
ADDED TEXTINPUT. CURRENT COUNT OF TEXTINPUTS IS 2
INIT
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value 123, focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: {159 42}
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value 123, focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: down
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value 123, focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: up
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value 123, focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: down
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value 123, focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: up
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value 123, focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: up
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value 123, focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: down
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value 123, focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: down
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value 123, focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: down
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value 123, focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
INPUTS COUNT: 3
MSG: ctrl+q
inputs: 3
textinput Amount, value 123, focus false
textinput Type of expense, value , focus false
textinput Comment, value test, focus false
